If a rat bug bit you, then later that night
you were attacked by a naked clone of yourself
that was trying to kill and replace you, what
would you do?
In this video on Nerd Explains, we’ll follow
the characters, see if we can make better
decisions, and ultimately attempt to beat
the body snatchers in, Assimilate.
If you think I missed something, or you have
a better way to beat the aliens, let me know
in the comments!
We start out following two dudes giving us
a tour of their self-proclaimed podunk town
of Multon, Missouri.
It’s all pretty boring, usual stuff.
Sure, Mrs. Bissette points out some strange
insects in her garden, but she’s a good-looking
lady talking to high school boys, so we can
safely assume the insects aren’t grabbing
their attention.
These insects would only be alarming if you
were an entomologist, otherwise you’d just
think they were some type of mini-ant.
Across the street, a kid’s screaming, “you’re
not my mommy,” while his mom is dragging
him down the sidewalk.
Everyone in this small town knows each other,
so they know she is, in fact, his mommy.
Guessing by the title of the movie, this mom’s
already been assimilated and is actually an
alien clone.
The little kid is objectively correct, that
ain’t his mommy.
But, the characters don’t know the title
of the movie they are in, so it’s justifiable
for them to assume he’s just being a little
jerk.
(Look what ya did you little jerk).
Besides Mrs. Bissette, underage football players
getting booze and Randy’s parents being
abusive, there’s not much cam-worthy content
to record.
Later that night, they’re walking around
throwing a frisbee, shooting the shit, until
they hear a woman letting out blood curdling
screams.
They rush to check it out.
It’s Mrs. Bissette, their friendly neighborhood
MILF.
* I think we know what Zach and Randy need
to do.
They need to hit record and yell worldstar
while Mrs. Bissette gets brutally assaulted
so they can post it online and get views for
their channel.
(Worldstar)
The door is unlocked, so naturally they invite
themselves into the crime scene.
* I wouldn’t go in there.
Unless you could visually see what was going
on, or somehow make contact with her, it would
be exceptionally dangerous to enter her home.
She could mistake you for an intruder and
shoot you, or whatever attacked her would
attack you.
If it was a homicide, entering the home could
cause you to ruin evidence and mess up the
crime scene, hell, you could even end up as
a suspect by leaving your evidence at the
scene.
* Considering Mrs. Bissette stopped screaming,
this could mean the threat either killed her
or is no longer a threat.
I’d just stay outside, peep the windows,
and call the cops while trying to make visual
or audible contact with her.
* If she kept screaming, which means she’s
not dead and the threat is still present,
I might try to find something I could use
as a weapon and try to find her.
It really depends on if you want to risk dying
for her, and how confident you are in your
ability to defend yourself.
* If Zach and Randy had taken our advice,
and hadn’t gone into her house, they wouldn’t
have known about the bite or Pastor Greg’s
rat bug, so it actually puts us in a worse
position.
But they’d still most likely have realized
something was wrong when they called the cloned
sheriff and confronted the cloned Mrs Bissette
about the incident the next day.
So we wouldn’t have completely screwed ourselves.
They decide to go into her house anyway.
There’s a broken lamp and blood on the ground,
a sure sign that Mrs Bissette is in a pickle.
Randy calls the cops, but they just hang up
on him.
* I know this is a shitty town and the cop
probably doesn’t give much of a fuck, but
come on.
A loud thud and tapping noises start coming
from the attic.
* How have they not already grabbed something
to use as a weapon, jesus.
They continue to follow the blood trail, and
open the closet door.
It’s Mrs. Bissette.
She’s bloody, crying, and claims something
bit her.
* I gotta tell ya, as soon as I hear this,
I'm thinking zombies.
(Zombies!
Clip)
A huge bug thing blasts out the drywall and
flies out the window.
Okay, well it’s not zombies so that’s
good.
Zach has the bright idea to chase the thing,
because as he stated, it might have rabies.
* How is that a reason to chase this thing,
that’s actually a strong reason to run the
other way.
The CDC explicitly states to not pet, approach,
or engage any animal you suspect has rabies.
This is because Rabies infections are nearly
100% fatal if left untreated until symptoms
appear.
It literally has the highest mortality rate
of any disease on Earth.
Mrs. Bissette just needs to go to a doctor,
run some tests, and get a rabies vaccine.
It’s pretty obvious that we shouldn’t
try to catch the rabid rat bug that’s biting
people and which we suspect has rabies.
* We’d definitely want to take Mrs. Bissette
to the hospital to get some tests done to
determine if she was bitten by a rabid animal.
Since they use blood tests for rabies diagnosis,
i’m pretty positive the alien spores and
DNA would be identified.
They’d likely keep her at the hospital for
further testing and monitoring, as well as
try to make contact with higher up authorities
about the unidentified alien DNA in her bite
wound.
Later that night, her alien clone would probably
arrive at the hospital to try to kill and
replace her, at which point it would be very
obvious that we, collectively, have a major
problem.
* Later on in the movie, it seemed like the
clones showed up at night while their victims
were sleeping in order to kill and replace
them, though it’s not clear how the clone
finds the original.
* My guess is that the bug releases a toxic
pheromone that makes the victim sleepy, and
the bug leaves a pheromone trail which the
clone uses to find the original.
The fully-formed existing clones might also
help direct the newly birthed mindless clones
and tell them when and where to attack.
* This means that Mrs. Bissette’s clone
might not find and attack her at the hospital,
since she was bit at home.
Either way though, finding alien DNA in her
wound would likely have sparked the chain
of events required for awareness of an alien
invasion to spread, and defenses to be orchestrated.
* It’s possible that all the doctors were
already clones, and Mrs. Bissette would just
be restrained on a gurney so her clone could
Shang Tsung her.
(Soul belongs to me)
* I think Randy and Zach would’ve helped
take her to the hospital considering the circumstances,
and if the doctors were clones, we’d know
something was up when they started acting
weird, just like when we went to confront
Pastor Greg.
* It’s also possible that they aren’t
able to get any alien DNA off of her.
I doubt it though.
* Taking Mrs. Bissette to the hospital would
be the most reasonable decision that coincidentally
has the best chance for everyone to find out
what’s going on, which is incredibly crucial
when under siege by body snatching aliens.
* Later on, I'll talk about our plans for
survival once we do realize the threat we’re
facing.
For now, let's see what Zach and Randy should
do if they did stupidly chase the bug.
Before they catch up to it, it scurries into,
what I guess is it’s owner’s cooler?
The man, with his pet bug, hop into a car
and leave.
As the car drives away, they see that Pastor
Greg is the owner.
* Uh, what the hell.
So Pastor Greg has a pet insect rat thing
that he lets go into people’s homes and
bite them?
Like in the movie, we’re definitely going
to want to stalk him and get more information
and footage of what the hell he is up to,
as well as find out why the cop hung up on
us.
The next day they take their video to the
douchebag from Never Back Down, but like all
horror movies, the cop thinks it’s photoshopped
nonsense.
* To be honest, I don’t blame him.
I think the kids should have known better
that in this day and age, video evidence isn’t
exactly hard evidence that you can convict
someone with.
You need something physical, like the bite
wound and testimony from a victim like Mrs
Bissette.
The night Mrs. Bissette was bitten and they
saw Pastor Greg, I'd have 100% shown Mrs.
Bissette the footage of Pastor Greg with the
bug, and then taken her to the hospital as
well as to the cops.
This may have prevented her death and clone
replacement that night, it’d be easier to
convince the cop something bad was happening,
and the hospital might be able to identify
the alien spores, triggering the awareness
we need to construct our defenses.
Again, it’s our best shot and figuring out
what’s going on and spreading awareness.
On their way to interrogate Pastor Greg for
his rat shenanigans, they hear an eerie siren
noise in the distance.
* There’s really nothing to make of it at
this point though.
The doors mysteriously close behind them while
hallway lights flicker.
Cool, maybe we should wait until Pastor Greg
comes outside before interrogating him instead.
Nope, okay cool let’s just continue down
this creepy corridor to confront the Pastor
that siccs rabid rat bugs on people.
What could go wrong.
They eventually find Greg, and he’s not
his cheerful dorky self.
He calls Randy’s mom a slut and Zach’s
dad a junkie.
To be fair, they did just accuse him of being
a rat whisperer though.
The sheriff who hung up on us is there too.
He doesn't seem normal either.
Zach and Randy quickly bug out of there.
Get it.
They check the internet and cell service.
Everything is down.
Zach and Randy just now think to see if Mrs.
Bissette can help them prove to the cops that
they aren’t lying about the situation with
Pastor Greg.
Unfortunately, Mrs. Bissette isn’t acting
like herself either.
She denies that anything happened last night,
and pulls her skirt up to reveal her leg where
she was bit, except there’s no bite mark
anymore.
That same thud and tapping sound starts coming
from her bedroom, which she suggestively invites
them into.
As hard of a decision as it was, Randy and
Zach declined.
They creep around the outside of the house
to peep into the window.
Looks like a couple guys already took her
up on the offer.
One of the male suitors jumpscares them, forcing
Zach and Randy to retreat to the barn and
reassess what is going on.
What’s weird is that they recognize the
guy tied up on the bed, and it’s the same
guy that jumpscared them.
Kayla shows up at their homebase to tell them
that her dad is acting strange.
Like there’s no feeling in him, like he’s
a different person all of the sudden.
To make matters worse, her Mom and brother
are missing too.
She thinks she’s going crazy.
But it’s clear that this isn’t a case
of Capgras Syndrome, a psychiatric disorder
where you feel like a loved one has been replaced
by an imposter.
While the three are out looking for her family,
they notice that everyone is acting strange.
People are blankly staring at them, and openly
burning their belongings.
Kayla's dad has gone batshit crazy as well,
it’s obvious that he’s not going to be
any help.
Zach fakes going to the bathroom so he can
search the house for Kayla’s brother and
mom.
He finds Joey in the attic, hiding from his
Dad.
Zach tells Joey to go downstairs to his room
and hide.
* Dude, the attic is a better hiding spot
than his fucking room, what are you thinking.
He also finds Kayla’s mom, in the towel
bin.
Fuck.
That’s gonna be a tough one to explain to
Kayla.
* Shit just got real, people are getting murdered.
(Bad Boys)
* The first priority is to get Joey out of
there.
Leaving him with a murdering psychopath is
not an option.
* I’m not exactly sure how i’d handle
this.
To me, it seems like you have two options,
either stealth it or get violent.
* The stealth option.
Leave the house without Joey to avoid confrontation
with the dad.
If we told Joey to stay in the attic, he should
be relatively safe for now.
Later in the movie, Joey was caught by his
dad, but that was probably because Zach originally
told him to hide in his room.
By the time Zach left the bathroom, the dad
was very agitated and suspicious.
I doubt the dad would let Joey leave with
them.
Confronting him about the dead wife in the
towel bin will provoke him to attack.
Same thing with the neighbors.
Whatever is going on, it’s spreading insidiously,
most likely originating with bites from that
insect thing, and turning people into psychos.
If we are confrontational, it could provoke
them to attack us outright instead of slowly
trying to decieve us.
Kayla’s mom may have confronted the dad
so he killed her.
If they think they can deceive us, that gives
us time and the element of surprise.
* How do we get Joey out secretly then?
Have Kayla lure the dad out of the house by
faking an emergency of some sort.
Since the cell service and internet is down,
we won’t be able to do anything remotely.
She could lure him outside by saying she thinks
she has a flat tire or something.
When he leaves the house, Zach and Randy,
using Kayla’s keys, could run in and grab
Joey, while Kayla distracts the dad and watches
the perimeter to ensure that he left and nobody
else comes to the house.
* The violent option.
Whop the dad over the head with a flower vase
before you leave, then grab Joey.
It’s 3v1.
I think they could take him.
This approach is dangerous, because we could
get hurt in the altercation.
But also, as we’d come to find out, if we
had confronted the dad clone, he’d likely
have screeched and brought the neighbor clones
to attack us.
They’d have to knock him out cold in one
blow.
If they chose this method, Kayla’s dad wouldn’t
be able to move the mom’s body, and if they
brought the cop to the house, well, I think
he will be sufficiently convinced of a problem.
* I think stealth is the better approach if
you can make it work, if not, then get yourself
a lamppost and go to work.
Either way, get Joey out of there immediately.
* Once they have Joey, they need to get Zach
and Randy’s family to safety too.
Zach’s family first, as they just talked
to them and know they aren’t infected.
Randy’s family could be compromised, so
let's save who we know we can first.
They should stick together so they don’t
get isolated and overpowered.
AKA, don’t split up like cliche teenagers
in horror movies.
* They didn’t originally believe them, but
with Kayla, Joey and the video evidence, they
might be able to convince them.
It’s not too late, it’s still the same
night, which means that we could save our
parents before they get replaced by attacking
clones, which we find out happened the next
day in the movie.
* Once we’ve secured our home, we need to
suit up.
Since whatever is going on is probably spreading
by bite and bloodborne infection, it’s best
that we wear things that prevent bites.
Wearing layers of long pants and long sleeve
shirts and jackets.
Hiking boots, and some gloves when we're in
more dangerous situations.
We’ll want to tuck our pants into our boots
as well, to prevent the creature from scurrying
up our pants.
We’ll look overdressed, but we won’t be
walking down the streets like Bill Williamson
(*), which would probably get us unwanted
attention.
* With the tiny insects, the big insect, the
bites, it might be some form or parasite that’s
taking hold of hosts in order to help it spread.
If so, the parasite only has a basic connection
with the host’s nervous system, as they’re
unable to blend in well and express appropriate
emotional responses.
* The good news is that whatever it is, it’s
not hard to spot.
The Thing or the arachnid bug from Starship
troopers 2 were way better at keeping up appearances.
All you have to do is say something that should
elicit an emotional response, or just whatever
horrible shit you normally filter out of conversations.
If they act like a doorknob, it’s probably
an infected person.
* Getting weapons to defend ourselves should
also be a priority at this point as well.
We don’t want to kill anyone unless we have
to, maybe this is a curable condition.
But we also can’t let ourselves succumb
to whatever is infecting people.
Again, you still want to blend in, so rolling
down the streets like Hot Fuzz (*) might not
be the best decision.
I’m not saying don’t do it, because it
would be cool as fuck.
* Whatever’s going on is way bigger than
just Kayla’s dad.
The attacking bugs must be causing a parasitic
infestation, or some form of viral infection
that’s affecting people’s brains.
* Almost everyone in the town is turning into
murdering psychos.
Which is bad for obvious reasons, but also
because once a critical mass is attained,
they won’t really have to be sneaky anymore.
Initially when it’s only a few people, they
can’t afford to get found out, but with
numbers, they can be more aggressive and will
be more likely to outright attack you.
* We need to get the word out to surrounding
towns in order to contain the spread.
If this gets out, it will exponentially take
over the planet, unless it’s happening everywhere
already.
We have to assume this is local and we can
contain it, or else we’re fucked anyways.
* We still can’t exactly go to the police.
The sheriff’s infected, and Ryan McCarthy
doesn’t want to hear from us, and that’s
if he isn’t infected too.
No doubt Kayla’s dad moved his wife’s
dead body as well, so we really don’t have
any hard proof of anything right now.
It’s just going to waste time.
* We need to obtain some hard evidence.
The footage we have could just be dismissed
by other agencies and departments, like with
our town’s cop.
* Initially I thought of abducting someone,
but that’s risky.
I think a better way to get the word out would
simply be to securely box up some of the weird
alien ants that are everywhere and take it
to the CDC headquarters in Atlanta, which
is 10 hours away from Springfield, MO.
Or a CDC Quarantine Station in Chicago, IL,
which is 8 hours away.
Further studying and testing of the alien
ants, along with our footage and anecdotes
would reveal their assimilation and duplication
potential, which would trigger a quarantine,
a worldwide PSA, and the creation of defensive
strategies.
I’m thinking a good slogan for the PSA would
be, “Know Your Neighbor”, and basically
you’d just want everyone to report any suspicious
behavior to the authorities for testing.
As long as you contain the spread before it
hits critical mass, which is like 50% of the
population, you should be able to seek out
and destroy any alien clones.
It’s going to be a rough year for sure,
but the alien spores would eventually stop
raining from the sky as there isn’t an infinite
amount of them.
Sure, you could argue that you might not be
able to make the connection between the mini
ants and the alien bug, and it might not be
realistic to jump to abducting someone at
this point, so let’s continue with the movie.
They leave the house without Joey and continue
to make more dumb decisions that waste precious
time.
Their ingenious plan is to take it to the
police, and guess what, they burn their last
bridge with the cop on the naive assumption
that Kayla’s dad wouldn't have moved the
body after Zach suspiciously used the restroom.
Things get really weird at the house when
the mom shows up alive.
I’m not sure how that’s possible.
Maybe some super-fast healing shit like we
saw with Mrs. Bissette.
She was pretzeled into a towel bin for christ
sake.
You can’t just unfold yourself.
And they have Joey.
It’s a standoff with the three friends,
a disbelieving cop, and the imposter family
over custody of Joey.
They eventually leave without Joey, again.
* This is a huge mistake.
Unless Joey’s wearing some plot armor we
don’t know about yet, he’s 100% fucked.
Whatever’s happening, it’s happening fast.
A simple bite and it’s all over, and the
pastor is known for possessing the rat insect
thing.
If he wasn’t already bit, he will be soon.
There is no reason they had to leave the house
without him.
Joey was literally screaming and crying to
get away from her and to leave with Zach,
Randy, and Kayla.
No cop would just leave a kid in that situation,
at least I hope not.
The cell service and internet is still completely
down at this point.
They head back to the barn homebase, and find
Zach’s dad.
His previously amputated legs are, well, restored
to their non-amputated state.
And, they are surrounded by the other townsfolk,
yep, it’s confirmed, the bug people are
getting more aggressive now that they are
reaching critical mass.
The assimilated lock Zach and Randy in the
barn with the insects, and Randy gets bit.
* Dammit Randy, I told you to wear layers
and bring weapons.
There’s some kind of alien black gestational
sac with something inside it.
It gives birth to Zach’s naked mom.
* Definitely not an image you can forget easily.
Zach’s naked mom runs over to, Zach’s
real mom i’m guessing.
The ant bugs are crawling from the alien mom
to the real mom, seemingly sucking her soul
out.
Randy with the slick wits grabs a shovel and
tries to bash the alien mom.
The shovel breaks in half.
Zach grabs the broken shovel and spears the
alien mom with it.
It seemed like that did the trick.
* It’s not super healing from a parasite
controlling the original.
Instead, a clone is created using the DNA
obtained from the bug bite, then the clone
attacks and sucks the life force out of the
original, then replaces their identity.
* War is declared at this point, there’s
no hiding now.
It's guns free on any of these aliens now,
as they are just clones of the dead original.
By now, we have more than enough proof to
continue with our plan I laid out earlier.
Hopefully Randy's mom fared better.
Well, I guess they didn't care or assumed
she was dead, because they went to find Cam
Shigawnday..
* Damn, Jake Tyler (*) beat this dude so badly
he moved into a trailer in Shithole, Missouri.
He’s not throwing any sick parties at his
new digs, that’s for sure.
Turns out, he was bitten too.
Except that he shot his double in the head
when it came after him.
They have the idea to take the body to the
FBI and shut this alien operation down.
This guy’s thinking what I'm thinking.
Ironically, I'm pretty sure he’s going to
die.
This also means Randy has a clone coming to
kill him in a bit, sweet.
Right on cue, Randy’s double comes out of
the forest and attacks them.
Along with a hundred other alien imposters.
* It seems like they are pretty fucked.
* Yep, Josh gets pulled into the crowd of
clones.
Come on man, where are those MMA skills.
Randy runs off, creating a diversion so Zach
and Kayla can get away.
* The clones seem pretty dumb.
They easily could have taken out all 4 of
them if they just split up instead of all
running after Randy.
Zach and Kayla make a hasty plan to rescue
Joey, and grab a car to head to Springfield
so they can get cell service and upload their
video footage.
They decide to head into town on foot to find
the car and Joey.
* Being on foot and going into town is a horrible
idea.
Joey is no doubt dead as fuck by now.
I gotta believe there’s a truck in some
more remote farmhouse you can jack.
Inevitably, while on foot in town they get
caught.
But holy shit was that some amazingly well-coordinated
and lucky quick thinking by Zach and Kayla.
* Apparently they can’t detect if you’re
assimilated or not, nor will they check if
you are.
This was an incredibly risky strategy that
just happened to work.
This is not something I would have tried,
as you’d probably get killed.
One wrong move and you’re bug food.
(OG Body Snatchers Yell)
Holy shit, they’re burning the corpses of
the original people they cloned themselves
from.
Damn.
They continue their charade to try to get
the keys to the car.
Kayla spots Joey from a distance, he’s obviously
a clone now, but Kayla turns into an idiot
and goes after him.
* Oh shit, he’s not one of them, sorry Joey.
If it were me instead of Kayla, you’d be
dead, hell I wouldn’t have even gone back
into the town to attempt to save you.
Oh well.
Kayla and Joey lock eyes, and they both let
out a single tear.
The other zombies catch the sense offenders
in the act (Equilibrium), and mark them for
processing (You mean execution).
Joey’s able to flee, but Kayla’s about
to get the bug bite.
Zach crashes the party with the van and they
both make a hot extraction.
* Damn, I was hoping Zach would go grand theft
auto and plow right through the alien rally.
Kayla and Zach stop the car in the middle
of the road to have a heart to heart discussion
while Joey is still desperately trying to
evade the aliens on foot.
Since Kaylas bit, she starts talking like
she’s already dead.
Brah, chill, you got bit, but you can still
kill off the attacker.
Zach keeps rambling instead of kissing her,
and the bugs find them and bite Zach too,
killing the mood.
They run after the bug, this time it’s not
because it might have rabies, it’s because
if they catch it they can prevent the creation
of a DNA copy of Zach, and a clone of him
from attacking.
* First off, couldn’t you guys have had
that discussion while driving, jesus.
* Secondly, trying to run after the bug, on
foot, in the woods, is super dumb.
You won’t catch it.
* Being on foot in the woods is dangerous
because you can't really hide.
The mini bugs are everywhere and they could
alert the aliens to your location.
.
* Considering it’s running back to the clones,
you’re literally running towards the danger.
* And what does it matter whether other clones
or your clone come to kill you, the end result
is the same.
It’s over, you’re bit, just stay in the
car and keep driving.
While sneaking through the forest, they run
into Randy.
For a second, I thought it might be the OG
Randy acting like a clone just as they did
earlier.
But nope, it’s the clone.
Kayla bashes it in the head with a stone and
Zach drowns his best friend's alien twin.
A traumatizing event, no doubt.
They finally make it to the internet building,
where they are attacked by the naked clones
of themselves.
(Brain drain piping)
* Why did you drop the pipe, that’s the
best weapon you’ve found so far.
At the main trunk terminal, they upload their
murder footage to Youtube, where it will be
immediately censored.
At least create an appealing title, nobody’s
going to find or click on Video # 598435.
But then again, it's a new Youtube channel
so good luck getting views anyways.
* Instead, I’d email the mp4 to the FBI,
CIA, CDC, WHO, National Guard, etc.
As well as make a quick post on Twitter and
Facebook with a descriptive title so people
actually click it.
Using the video noise, they bait the clones
into the room, and then use the c02 extinguishers
to suffocate them, which is pretty darn clever.
They make their escape and go to rescue Joey
back at the cabin, if he’s still alive.
Once they get to the cabin, they walk right
up onto the porch to check it out.
* Instead of walking in like they did, which
is super risky, I'd throw rocks at the windows
in a distinct pattern.
It’s not something the clones would do,
so Joey could probably realize it was us.
Once he comes out, make bird noises or some
shit and assess his reaction and movements.
They peek into the windows and see Joey watching
TV in the living room.
* Why the fuck would you be watching cartoons
in the living room in clear view from the
windows.
Earlier he was hiding in the attic because
his dad was acting strange, now he’s just
chilling on the sofa when a full blown alien
apocalypse is occurring.
Nope.
This is a trap.
I’m betting Pastor Greg is hanging out with
this little boy too.
* I guess I was wrong, Joey was just being
an idiot.
Man, if I was in the movie Joey would be super
dead by now.
We find out that he wasn’t watching cartoons
either, he was watching a webcam broadcast
of the entire world being overrun by these
things.
The stark realization sets in that they weren’t
the first town to get hit, their podunk shithole
was the last place to get hit, or more likely,
everywhere was hit at the same time via the
spores falling from the sky.
* I don’t get how the entire world was taken
over without the people of Moulton realizing
it, but whatever.
The last scene is of their youtube video,
it has zero views.
Except a few comments from a handful of survivors
around the world.
* Surviving at this point is looking pretty
bleak.
It’s down to Joey, Zach, and Kayla, and
some rando’s across the world who we can’t
communicate with.
We could hide and evade the aliens for a while,
but hunger would set in and we’d need to
act like clones to make food runs.
This is super dangerous and we’re likely
to get caught eventually (Scream), so this
method is out.
However, there is a way to not starve.
If you’ve watched my other videos you might
know where i’m headed.
The mini ant aliens seem to be everywhere,
forming into bugs that can bite us in order
to send clones to kill and replace us.
There’s nowhere we can really hide from
them.
Once the clone of you arrives, kill the clone,
then butcher, cook and eat it.
It’s going to take a bit of mental effort
to get used to the idea, since you’re basically
cannibalizing your own body.
You gotta look for the silver living here,
the aliens are basically delivering fresh
food to your door, same day delivery.
* Say we managed to make the correct decisions
earlier on by taking Bissette to the hospital
and finding out what’s going on at the beginning,
and salvaged most of the town.
We’d know that bite’s are used to create
clones that attack and replace us.
We could form defenses, use buddy systems
and weapons, implement testing procedures
to identify clones, etc.
But we’re still fucked.
The spores are constantly raining down all
over the place, creating ants, which create
the bugs, which bite us, which create clones
which attack us.
The townsfolk would constantly be under siege
from attacking clones.
* If nobody is producing food because we’re
constantly under attack, we’d all starve.
I sure as shit wouldn’t want to be harvesting
cornfields with naked alien zombies attacking
me.
Sure, we could eat the clones like we talked
about earlier, but that’s if everyone can
kill them.
* The clones didn’t always attack at night,
when Randy and Zach were attacked, they were
in the barn during the day.
This means the clone can be formed inside
the prey's home, in the attic, then the clone
can come down and kill them when they are
asleep.
Eventually the survivors would be whittled
down.
* In the TV broadcast, the clones seemed to
act like wwz zombies when no prey was around,
just dormant.
That said, we did see them packing up bugs
into trucks for transport.
Like the ants, it’s reasonable to assume
they communicate with each other, and even
if we regained a survivor foothold in Moulton,
the aliens would signal to surrounding towns
to attack Moulton.
We’d be outnumbered and killed.
* I think the only way you could really survive
is by grabbing some horses and staying on
the move like one of the cannibalistic indian
tribes back in the day.
It’ll be hard for the aliens to hide a gestating
alien egg on the open plains or in our Teepees.
You could keep the imposter hordes at a distance,
only allowing the bugs to bite you and your
clone to run after you.
Or picking off stray clones that wander too
far from the group and bringing them back
to camp for a delicious feast (*Hannibel Lecter).
I don’t know how healthy it would be, but
they are DNA-matching clones, and meat is
meat, right.
Or, you could hunt wild animals like a normal
person.
Now that I think of it, I don’t know why
I suggested cannibalism first.
Maybe it’s because it’s easier than hunting,
as they come to you.
* I think the chances of surviving and beating
the body snatchers in assimilation are slim,
considering the whole world is taken over
by the time we realize what’s going on.
But...
How would you beat them?
Let me know in the comments.
Thanks for watching.
And remember, they’re here already, and
you’re next! (*)